vintage Westinghouse elevator at the
north wing of the Student Union the
Doral Student Union look at this
elevator well obviously it's a service
elevator but it's still pretty nice
watch nice this door closes I'm not
gonna let bang
look at those rollers well I'm gonna get
cab for you single light bulb with these
is CFL again this is a service style
elevator beautiful Westinghouse buttons
with the exception of that thing
I love best locks but that's ugly on
this stand back so you can see all the
buttons cuz he too is locked off see so
we're down to the ground floor
I think we can have a peek and see
what's out here since I didn't see
before says Mizzou on the door
just a service area looks like let's see
if this door slams
that's nicely that thoris just screeches
now we're going to go to one and end the
tour I love that motor and here we are
at one common courtesy gonna shut the
door doing this with my other hand and
try to call it slam there it goes
that's it